Everyone's favorite dice game!  Play anywhere, on the go!  And best of all, it's completely free!

Instructions:
Tap New to start a new game (ends any current game).
Tap dice to hold them (yellow outline) or unhold them.
Tap Roll to roll unheld dice (first roll is automatic).
Tap Score to score the dice early (automatic after third roll).
Tap a scoring position to score your roll.
Tap the score at the bottom to show the high scores list.
Tap a score in the high scores list to show that game's results.
Press the menu button to change settings.

Dice are sorted, with held dice first, by default.  And when holding all of one value, new rolls of that value will automatically be held by default.  Both can be changed in the settings, as well as the theme (outline vs. solid vs. 3D).

Scoring positions and rules:
1-6: Sum of dice with that value.
T: Sum of the dice if three have the same value.
F: Sum of the dice if four have the same value.
H: 25 points if two of a kind and 3 of a kind.
S: 30 points if four in a row (like 3,4,5,6).
L: 40 points if five in a row (like 1,2,3,4,5).
C: Sum of the dice, no restrictions.
B: 35 points if 1-6 add up to 63 or more (automatic).
Y: 50 points if all dice have the same value.

If you've scored the 50 points in Y, and you roll all five dice the same again, you'll get an extra 100 in Y after scoring the roll elsewhere.

After scoring in the final position, the game is over and the results are displayed.  Tap New to start a new game.  If your score was in the top 25, you'll get a toast congratulating you, and the high scores will be displayed, highlighting your new score.

Settings:
Theme: Change between classic outlines, solid shapes, or 3D with shadow.
Sorting:  Choose to sort nothing, just the dice, just holds, or both.
Auto Hold:  Turn on or off auto hold of the same value.

I made this game for fun and share it freely.  Find my other Garmin apps, or leave me a tip, at this link:

http://garmin.kzibart.com